extended attributes env var clarification (#8889)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_cloud-environments-info.md

```

#### Extended Attributes don't mask secret values

> - We recommend avoiding setting secret values to prevent visibility in the text box and logs. A common workaround is to wrap extended attributes in [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables). In the earlier example, `password: '{{ env_var(''DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD'') }}'` will get a value from the `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variable at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We recommend you avoid setting secret values to prevent visibility in the text box and logs. A common workaround is to wrap extended attributes in [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables). In the earlier example, `password: '{{ env_var(''DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD'') }}'` will get a value from the `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variable at runtime.
```

- If you're using [profiles](/docs/cloud/about-profiles) for deployment environments, any `env_var` references in Extended Attributes must use _project-scoped_ environment variables. Since profiles are environment-agnostic, environment-scoped variables aren't available during connection tests. Jobs run normally since they have a real environment, but connection tests will fail if the referenced variable is only set at the environment level.
  

>   To set a project-scoped variable: go to **Orchestration** > **Environments** > **Environment variables**, and set a value in the **Project default** column. This value applies across all environments in the project, making it available to profiles during connection tests. See [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables?version=2.0#setting-environment-variables) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To set a project-scoped variable, go to **Orchestration** > **Environments** > **Environment variables**, and set a value in the **Project default** column. This value applies across all environments in the project, making it available to profiles during connection tests. See [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables?version=2.0#setting-environment-variables) for more information.
```
